The sun is shining brightly in the clear blue sky. I enjoy taking long walks on the beach during sunset. She sings beautifully and her voice is like a melody. They laughed and joked together, creating a joyful atmosphere. We gathered around the campfire, telling stories and sharing memories. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Tomorrow is another day. Happiness depends upon ourselves. Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. Keep calm and carry on. Where there is love there is life. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. The only way to do great work is to love what you do. What we think, we become. All limitations are self-imposed. Stay hungry, stay foolish. Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. Don't count the days, make the days count. Life is a journey, not a destination. Everything you can imagine is real. The best way to predict the future is to create it. Be the change that you wish to see in the world. Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. Dream big and dare to fail. The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The purpose of our lives is to be happy. Believe you can and you're halfway there. Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday. The best revenge is massive success. It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Strive for progress, not perfection. In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions. Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. Be the change you wish to see in the world. Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present. The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. You become what you believe. Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. Believe you can and you're halfway there. A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.